VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/data-sources/security_groups.md

}
```

## Argument reference

* `filter` - (Optional, [Block](#filter)) One or more name/value pairs to use as filters.
    * _Valid values:_ See supported names and values in [EC2 API documentation][describe-security-groups]
* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs. Must exactly match pairs on the required resources.

### filter

* `name` - (Required, String) The name of the filter.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter names are case-sensitive
* `values` - (Required, List of strings) One or more filter values.
    * _Constraints:_ Filter values are case-sensitive

## Attribute reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arns` - (String) The Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the matched security groups.
* `id` - (String) The region.
    * _Example:_ `ru-spb`

> * `ids` - (String) IDs of the matched security groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ids` - (List of strings) The IDs of the matched security groups.
```
